Revamp most of the documentation (#14)
movie-web/docs: content/0.index.md

:ellipsis

#default
  ::card{icon="mdi:server-network"}
  #title
  Easy to host
  #description
  Can be easily hosted on any static website host.
  ::
  ::card{icon="material-symbols:hangout-video-off"}
  #title
  No Ads
  #description
  movie-web will never show ads, enjoy watching without interruptions.
  ::
  ::card{icon="ic:baseline-ondemand-video"}
  #title
  Custom Player
  #description
  Enjoy a fully custom video player including streaming integration, subtitle customisation and easy TV season navigation.
  ::
  ::card{icon="mdi:content-save"}
  #title
  Saves your progress
  #description
  Will remember your progress in movies and TV shows, so you can easily continue where you left off.
  ::
  ::card{icon="mdi:bookmark"}
  #title
  Bookmarking
  #description
  Allows you to bookmark your favourite movies and TV shows, so you can easily find them again.
  ::
  ::card{icon="mdi:cloud-refresh"}
  #title
  Syncing across devices
  #description

>   We support syncing your progress, proxies and bookmarks across devices, so you can easily continue where you left off.

Reviewer: `continue where you left off` has been used in "Saves your progress" so maybe something like:
```suggestion
  Enjoy uninterrupted streaming as your progress, proxies, and bookmarks sync effortlessly across all your devices.
```

  ::
  ::card{icon="mdi:power-plug-outline"}
  #title
  Modular by design
  #description
  Mix and match different parts of the movie-web service, [host your backend](4.backend/1.deploy.md) or use ours, it'll work either way.
  ::
  ::card{icon="mdi:flag"}
  #title
  Multiple Languages
  #description
  Supports over 25 languages, including English, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Czech, Hindi, Arabic, Hebrew and more. View the full list on [weblate](https://weblate.movie-web.app){target="\_blank"}.
  ::
  ::card{icon="mdi:brush-variant"}
  #title
  Customisable
  #description

>   Supports custom themes, subtitle colors and subtitle sizes so you can make it look however you want.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this might give people the wrong idea about themes, as in they might think they can change the theme to literally anything - thoughts?

Author: Maybe change to "various themes"

Reviewer: Yeah - I like that

  ::
  ::card{icon="mdi:cellphone"}
  #title

>   PWA Support
>   #description
>   Supports PWA, so you can install it on your phone and use it just like a native app.

Reviewer: I'd suggest having a non-abbreviated version, like so:
```suggestion
  Progressive Web App Support
  #description
  Supports PWA, so you can install it on your phone and use it just like a native app.
```
